we're here with the Mercedes 1993 500 s
VL I'm doing a video walk-around with it
so you can get a better feel for what it
looks like in person how it operates and
what some of its features are it's
really an amazing sedan it's huge
they can fit four six foot tall plus
adults easily there's no body damage the
paint is immaculate you can see your
reflection in the vehicle
here's the interior only 105 thousand
miles on this car it's quite evident
that it's been very well pampered cared
for and maintained
you've got power memory seating
the cellphone built into the - it's a
little hard to see
CD player
power windows
heated seats and traction control
really ahead of its time
sunroof
really ahead of its time for 1993
you can see karpas immaculate there's no
dirt that's all just shade from the
vacuum rubbing the carpet in different
ways
power headrests was really wild is
you've got these mirrors up here these
lit Danity mirrors the space is amazing
but it's really well to me is that
you've got rear power and heated seats
and I'll show you
isn't that wild
all right let's start her up
car starts right up my seatbelt light
there's no check engine light 105
thousand miles
everything is perfect on the vehicle
looking at the hood
Oh
the engine bay is absolutely immaculate
I have not seen a cleaner 500 SDL in my
life
knocks no ticking
the car looks brand-new
the headlight lenses are clear if you
told me the car at 20,000 miles on it
I believe you
and that's the car